docs: add documentation for `makeResetStyles` (#251)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/api/make-reset-styles.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

import OutputTitle from '@site/src/components/OutputTitle'

# makeResetStyles

Atomic CSS has [tradeoffs](/react/guides/atomic-css#trade-offs).

> Once an element has many HTML class names each pointing to different CSS rules, browser layout times slow down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser layout can slow down proportionally to the number of HTML class names that reference different rules.
```
nit: not really that important but I think it sounds nicer ?

There are cases when it's reasonable to flatten multiple declarations into monolithic CSS. For example, base styles for components in a UI library.
Rules generated by `makeResetStyles()` are inserted into the CSS style sheet before all the Atomic CSS, so styles from [`makeStyles()`](/react/api/make-styles) will always override these rules.

`makeResetStyles` returns [a React hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) that should be called inside a component:

```js
import { makeResetStyles } from '@griffel/react';

const useClass = makeResetStyles({
  color: 'blue',
  margin: 0,
  ':hover': { color: 'teal' },
});
```

<OutputTitle>Produces following CSS...</OutputTitle>

```css
.r6gaeno {
  color: blue;
  margin: 0px;
}

.r6gaeno:hover {
  color: teal;
}
```

:::note

> By its nature `makeResetStyles` allows to use [CSS shorthands](/react/guides/limitations#css-shorthands-are-not-supported) and does not have the same limitation as `makeStyles()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By its nature `makeResetStyles` allows the use of [CSS shorthands](/react/guides/limitations#css-shorthands-are-not-supported) and does not have the same limitation as `makeStyles()`.
```

:::

## Usage with `makeStyles`

```jsx
import { makeStyles, makeResetStyles, shorthands } from '@griffel/react';
import { mergeClasses } from './mergeClasses';

const useBaseClass = makeResetStyles({
  color: 'red',
  padding: 0,
  // etc.
});

const useClasses = makeStyles({
  primary: { color: 'blue' },
  circular: {
    ...shorthands.padding('5px'),
    ...shorthands.borderRadius('5px'),
  },
});

function Component(props) {
  const baseClass = useBaseClass();
  const classes = useClasses();

  return (
    <button className={mergeClasses(baseClass, props.primary && classes.primary, props.circular && classes.circular)} />
  );
}
```

## Features support

> `makeResetStyles` support the same features as [`makeStyles()`](/react/api/make-styles) including nested selectors and at-rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`makeResetStyles` supports the same features as [`makeStyles()`](/react/api/make-styles) including nested selectors and at-rules.
```
